31/05
"Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all." - Aristotle.

24/05:
"Rules for happiness:  something to do, someone to love, something to hope for." - Immanuel Kant.

17/05:
"Growing old is unavoidable. Growing up, however, is totally optional!" - Unknown.

03/05:
"No, I am your father. Search your feelings, you know this to be true." - Darth Vader

26/04:
"We should not judge people by their peak excellence; but by the distance they have travelled from the point they started." - Henry Ward Beecher.

19/04
"Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupity. And I'm not sure about the universe." - Albert Einstein.

12/04
"Don't waste your time in anger, regret, worries or grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy." - Roy T Bennett.

07/04
"I am a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it." - Thomas Jefferson.

22/03
"Time is the most valuable thing that someone can spend." - Theophrastus.

15/03:
“The brick walls are there for a reason. The brick walls are not there to keep us out. The brick walls are there to give us a chance to show how badly we want something. Because the brick walls are there to stop the people who don’t want it badly enough. They’re there to stop the other people.” - Randy Pausch

08/03:
"Excellence is an art won by training and habituation. We do not act rightly because we have virtue or excellence, but we rather have those because we have acted rightly.  We are what we repeatedly do.  Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit." - Aristotle.

01/03:
"A blazing fire makes flames and brightness out of everything thrown into it." - Marcus Aurelius.

22/02:
"The beautiful thing about learning is that nobody can take it away from you" - B.B. King.

15/02:
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts" - Winston Churchill.

08/02:
"It is possible to commit no mistakes and still lose.  That is not a weakness. That is life" - Jean-Luc Picard

02/02:
"Everyone is a genius. But if you judge a fish by it's ability to climb a tree, it will live it's whole life believing that it is stupid." - Unknown.

19/01:
"As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters" - Lucius Annaeus Seneca.

