17/01:
“Opportunities will come and go, but if you do nothing about them, so will you.”  - Richie Norton

24/01:
“Being challenged in life is inevitable, being defeated is optional.” - Roger Crawford.

01/02:
“Tell me and I forget, teach me and I may remember, involve me and I learn.”  - Benjamin Franklin

08/02:
“The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience.” - Eleanor Roosevelt

14/02:
“It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.”  - Roy T Bennett.

21/02:
“We’re capable of much more than mediocrity, much more than merely getting by in this world.” - Sharon Salzberg.

28/02:
“The best way to not feel hopeless is to get up and do something. Don’t wait for good things to happen to you. If you go out and make some good things happen, you will fill the world with hope, you will fill yourself with hope.” - Barack Obama

07/03:
“Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.” - Roy T Bennett.

14/03:
“Everyone has talent. What's rare is the courage to follow it to the dark places where it leads.”  - Erica Jong.

21/03:
“Often, it’s not about becoming a new person, but becoming the person you were meant to be, and already are, but don’t know how to be.” - Heath L Buckmaster.

28/03:
“When you are joyful, when you say yes to life and have fun and project positivity all around you, you become a sun in the center of every constellation, and people want to be near you.” - Shanon L Adler.

04/04:
"Even though you're growing up, you never stop having fun" - Nina Dobrev.

11/04:
“Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.” - Roy T Bennett.

19/04:
“Be the flame, not the moth.” - Giacomo Casanova 

26/04:
“That which is not good for the swarm, neither is it good for the bee.” ― Marcus Aurelius

02/05:
"Do or do not. There is no try!" - Yoda

09/05:
“Beauty is not who you are on the outside, it is the wisdom and time you gave away to save another struggling soul like you.” ― Shannon L. Alder 

16/05:
“The struggles we endure today will be the ‘good old days’ we laugh about tomorrow.” - Aaron Lauritsen

23/05:
“I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness for it shows me the stars.” - Og Mandino 

30/05:
"Why do you go away? So that you can come back. So that you can see the place you came from with new eyes and extra colors. And the people there see you differently, too. Coming back to where you started is not the same as never leaving.” - Terry Pratchett

07/06:
“When you are joyful, when you say yes to life and have fun and project positivity all around you, you become a sun in the center of every constellation, and people want to be near you.” ― Shannon L. Alder 

13/06:
“There is scarcely any passion without struggle.” ― Albert Camus

20/06:
“Never underestimate the power you have to take your life in a new direction.” - Germany Kent 

27/06:
“Your youth is certainly finished and old age has definitely arrived if you feel that you are losing enthusiasm, excitement and energy towards your dreams and goals.” - Amit Kalantri

04/07:
“Anything that you learn becomes your wealth, a wealth that cannot be taken away from you; whether you learn it in a building called school or in the school of life. To learn something new is a timeless pleasure and a valuable treasure. And not all things that you learn are taught to you, but many things that you learn you realize you have taught yourself.” - C. JoyBell C.
