23/01:
“All great beginnings start in the dark, when the moon greets you to a new day at midnight.” - Shannon L. Alder

31/01:
“The human capacity for burden is like bamboo- far more flexible than you'd ever believe at first glance.”  - Jodi Picoult

13/02:
“We must find time to stop and thank the people who make a difference in our lives.” - John F. Kennedy 

27/02:
“Just because you fail once doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything.” - Marilyn Monroe

20/03:
“The things you think about determine the quality of your mind.” - Marcus Aurelius

03/04:
“Self-respect is the root of discipline: The sense of dignity grows with the ability to say no to oneself.” - Abraham Joshua Heschel

17/04:
“The more we value things outside our control, the less control we have.” - Seneca

01/05:
"When you need encouragement, think of the qualities the people around you have: this one's energy, that one's modesty, another's generosity, and so on. Nothing is as encouraging as when virtues are visibly embodied in the people around us, when we're practically showered with them. It's good to keep this in mind." - Marcus Aurelius

15/05:
“Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody else expects of you. Never excuse yourself. Never pity yourself. Be a hard master to yourself-and be lenient to everybody else.” - Henry Ward Beecher

29/05:
“We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.” - Joseph Campbell

12/06:
“Live your truth. Express your love. Share your enthusiasm. Take action towards your dreams. Walk your talk. Dance and sing to your music. Embrace your blessings. Make today worth remembering.” - Steve Maraboli

19/06:
“My optimism wears heavy boots and is loud.” - Henry Rollins

“Do it or don't. It's amazing how many things in life are that easy.” - Henry Rollins

10/07:
“Education is the kindling of a flame, not the filling of a vessel.”  - Socrates

24/07:
“Your mind is your greatest asset. It’s the fastest computer, the wisest counselor, and the most lethal weapon in the universe. Once you learn how to control it, how to really put it to use, you’ll be unstoppable.”  - Vincent H. O'Neil

07/08:
“Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat.” - F. Scott Fitzgerald

21/08:
“The only time you fail is when you fall down and stay down.” - Stephen Richards

04/09:
“Feel your emotions, live true your passions, keep still your mind.” - Geoffrey M. Gluckman 

18/09:
“Don't compare your journey to other people. You're not running their race.” - Germany Kent

02/10:
“When life hands you a lemon, say, 'Oh yeah, I like lemons! What else ya got?' ” - Henry Rollins

16/10:
“You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.”  - Marcus Aurelius

30/10:
“Today is life - the only life you are sure of. Make the most of today. Get interested in something. Shake yourself awake. Develop a hobby. Let the winds of enthusiasm sweep through you. Live today with gusto” - Dale Carnegie

13/11:
“Don't stress over the things that cannot be controlled. Live life, enjoy it, and make yourself happy because at the end of the day, no one else will do it for you, but yourself.” - Wazim Shaw

24/11:
“It's faith in something and enthusiasm for something that makes a life worth living." - Oliver Wendell Holmes

04/12:
“You do not need a festival to celebrate, life itself is a festival, celebrate your life.” - Nitin Namdeo.

